[pkg/ottl] Add contains function (#33078)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/ottl/ottlfuncs/README.md

- `Concat(["HTTP method is: ", attributes["http.method"]], "")`

### Contains

`Contains(target, item)`

The Contains function checks if an item is present in a given slice `target`. It returns true if the `item` is found, and false otherwise.

> `target` is a slices of values passed as arguments. It supports primitive types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`target` is a slice of primitive-typed values.
```
